# rpi-stock-checker
## Description
Simple CLI to periodically check RSS feeds for Raspberry Pi 5 stock.
If the feed indicates that there is stock in the US, a Windows toast notification is generated.
The utility is configured to check for new feeds every 5 minutes.

## Installation and Notifications Setup
In order for the Windows Toast Notifications to work properly, the application must be built
with the correct Application User Model ID (AUMID) for the terminal executing the application.
The AUID may vary from machine to machine so this value must be set manually.

To find the AUMID for PowerShell or Windows Terminal, run the following command in PowerShell:
```console
> Get-StartApps powershell
```

And then copy the AppID value from the output into the AUMID constant in src/main.rs:line21

For example:
My machine produces the following output for Get-StartApps:
```console
PS C:\rpi-stock-checker> Get-StartApps powershell

Name                             AppID
----                             -----
PowerShell 7 (x64)               Microsoft.AutoGenerated.{A49227EA-5AF0-D494-A3F1-0918A278ED71}
Developer PowerShell for VS 2022 Microsoft.AutoGenerated.{B92AC4D5-B7B3-3C8A-D8A0-7840D00A5D2A}
Windows PowerShell               {1AC14E77-02E7-4E5D-B744-2EB1AE5198B7}\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe
```

Since I run the application in PowerShell 7, the AUMID in srs/main.rs is set to match line 1 of the Get-StartApps output:
```rust
static AUMID: &str = "Microsoft.AutoGenerated.{A49227EA-5AF0-D494-A3F1-0918A278ED71}";
```

## Configuration
The rpi-stock-checker utility is configured to search for stock of the Raspberry Pi 5 in the US by default.

To change the product of interest, modify the SEARCH_STRING constant in src/main.rs:line 14

## Running the Application
A Rust build tool chain is required to build the application.

Setting up the Rust tool chain is straightforward and there are many online resources to help.
[The official Rust Getting Started guide is a good example.](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started)

Once the Rust tool chain is installed, the application can be built by running the following commands
in the root of the rpi-stock-checker repository:
```console
> cargo run
````


